Hai Stations (#5670)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/map.txt

		sprite planet/ganymede
		distance 365.32
		period 110.403

> 		

Reviewer: Whitespace?

Author: Whoops, accidental.

	shipyard Kimek
	outfitter "Coalition Advanced"

planet Bluerun
	attributes station hai uninhabited
	landscape land/space6

> 	description `This station has been mothballed sometime in the last sixty thousand years, the docking area has atmosphere and a status panel indicates that the generators are functional but shut down, with the standby mechanisms running on solar power alone.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `This station was mothballed sometime in the last sixty thousand years. The docking area has an atmosphere and a status panel indicates that the generators are functional, but shut down, with standby mechanisms running on solar power alone.`
```

	bribe 0
	security 0.9

planet Eldergrasp
	attributes station hai retirement
	landscape land/space6
	description `A visitor to this station will immediately notice that the gravity is lower than most planets by about a third. There is a generously appointed reception area with an orderly on duty who informs you that, unless you have family at this respite facility, you will not be permitted to wander the station.`

> 	description `	The spaceport is virtually non-existent, with just a single cafeteria, a fuel pump for the desperate, and a dedicated loading area for loading and unloading this retirement home's regular deliveries. Despite it's small size though, everything is in excellent condition.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `	The spaceport is virtually non-existent, with just a single cafeteria, a fuel pump for the desperate, and a dedicated loading area for loading and unloading this retirement home's regular deliveries. Despite its small size, everything is in excellent condition.`
```

	bribe 0
	security 0.9

planet Eldergrasp
	attributes station hai retirement
	landscape land/space6
	description `A visitor to this station will immediately notice that the gravity is lower than most planets by about a third. There is a generously appointed reception area with an orderly on duty who informs you that, unless you have family at this respite facility, you will not be permitted to wander the station.`

> 	description `The spaceport is virtually nonexistent, with just a single cafeteria, a fuel pump for the desperate, and a dedicated loading area for loading and unloading this retirement home's regular deliveries. Despite it's small size though, everything is in excellent condition.`

Reviewer: Don't you need a spaceport node to refuel?
```suggestion
	description `The spaceport is virtually nonexistent, with just a single cafeteria, a fuel pump for the desperate, and a dedicated loading area for loading and unloading this retirement home's regular deliveries. Despite its small size though, everything is in excellent condition.`
```

Author: So I want a spaceport (and ideally a job board) but not trading on the retirement stations. Turns out I can't do that so when I moved the second line into description I was sort of going with the implication that you're not "the very desperate".

	bribe 0
	security 0.9

planet Eldergrasp
	attributes station uninhabited hai retirement
	landscape land/space6
	description `A visitor to this station will immediately notice that the gravity is lower than most planets by about a third. There is a generously appointed reception area with an orderly on duty who informs you that, unless you have family at this respite facility, you will not be permitted to wander the station.`

> 	spaceport `The spaceport is virtually non-existent, with just a single cafeteria, a fuel pump for the desperate, and a dedicated loading area for loading and unloading this retirement home's regular deliveries. Despite its small size, everything is in excellent condition.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	spaceport `The spaceport is virtually non-existent, with just a single cafeteria, a fuel pump for the desperate, and a dedicated loading area for loading and unloading the facility's regular deliveries. Despite its small size, everything is in excellent condition.`
```

	security 0
	government Uninhabited

planet Everhope
	attributes station hai
	landscape land/space6

> 	description `This station appears to consistently have a large number of Hai warships docked at it, and a cursory investigation will reveal that it serves as the principle supply of fuel for the Hai military, as well as the staging point for resupplying ships heading to defend Wah Ki from the Unfettered. A monument beyond the docking area entrance attests to its history performing a similar role during the Korath raids before that.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `This station consistently has a large number of Hai warships docked at it, and further investigation reveals that it serves as the principle supply of fuel for the Hai military, as well as the staging point for resupplying ships heading to defend Wah Ki from the Unfettered. A monument beyond the docking area entrance attests to its history performing a similar role during the Korath raids before that.`
```

> 	spaceport `The spaceport is dominated by its function as a military station, though it still has a dual-level promenade like its civilian counterparts of Ochrescoop and Greymoon. Several areas are restricted, but there are also several freely accessible pubs and eateries, as well as an impressive cinema and a warehousing section for trading supplies. Only the flooring appears to be relatively new, textured to prevent any slips, where the rest of the station has a polished but well-worn feel to it.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	spaceport `The spaceport is dominated by its function as a military station, though it still has a dual-level promenade like its civilian counterparts of Ochrescoop and Greymoon. Several areas are restricted, but there are also freely accessible pubs and eateries, as well as an impressive cinema and a warehousing section for trading goods. The flooring is textured to prevent any slips and appears to be fairly new, while the rest of the station has a polished but well-worn feel to it.`
```

	security 0
	government Uninhabited

planet Everhope
	attributes station hai
	landscape land/space6

> 	description `This station consistently has a large number of Hai warships docked at it, and further investigation reveals that it serves as the principle supply of fuel for the Hai military, as well as the staging point for resupplying ships heading to defend Wah Ki from the Unfettered. A monument beyond the docking area entrance attests to its history performing a similar role during the Korath raids before that.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `This station consistently has a large number of Hai warships docked at it, and further investigation reveals that it serves as the principal supply of fuel for the Hai military, as well as the staging point for resupplying ships heading to defend Wah Ki from the Unfettered. A monument beyond the docking area entrance attests to its history performing a similar role during the Korath raids before that.`
```

> 	spaceport `The spaceport is dominated by its function as a military station, though it still has a dual-level promenade like its civilian counterparts of Ochrescoop and Greymoon. Several areas are restricted, but there are also freely accessible pubs and eateries, as well as an impressive cinema and a warehousing section for trading goods. The flooring is textured to prevent any slips and appears to be fairly new, while the rest of the station has a polished but well-worn feel to it.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	spaceport `The spaceport is dominated by its function as a military station, though it still has a dual-level promenade like its civilian counterparts of Ochrescoop and Greymoon. Several areas are restricted, but there are also freely accessible pubs and eateries, as well as an impressive cinema and a warehousing section for trading goods. The flooring is textured to prevent slipping and appears to be fairly new, while the rest of the station has a polished but well-worn feel to it.`
```

		threshold 7500
		fleet "Large Republic" 16

planet Goldcrawl
	attributes station hai retirement
	landscape land/space6

> 	description `A visitor to this station will immediately notice that the gravity is lower than most planets by about a third. There is reception area just beyond the docking bay with an extremely long desk and a receptionist who informs you that, unless you have family at this respite facility, you will not be permitted to wander the station. At various stations along the desk there are different service functions and a small sales counter with handicrafts made by the residents.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description `A visitor to this station will immediately notice that the gravity is lower than most planets by about a third. There is reception area just beyond the docking bay with an extremely long desk and a receptionist who informs you that, unless you have family at this respite facility, you will not be permitted to wander the station. At various stations along the desk, there are different service functions and a small sales counter with handicrafts made by the residents.`
```

> 	description `	The spaceport is nonexistent, a trio of vending machines occupy the entranceway from the dedicated loading area for this retirement home's regular deliveries. The entire place has a somewhat tacky vibe to it, and the ventilation doesn't quite cover up the antiseptic hospital smell of terrestrial aged care facilities. Nevertheless everything appears serviceable.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `	The spaceport is nonexistent. A trio of vending machines occupy the entranceway from the dedicated loading area for this retirement home's regular deliveries. The entire place has a somewhat tacky vibe to it, and its ventilation system doesn't quite cover up the antiseptic hospital smell of terrestrial aged care facilities.`
```

		threshold 7500
		fleet "Large Republic" 16

planet Goldcrawl
	attributes station hai retirement
	landscape land/space6
	description `A visitor to this station will immediately notice that the gravity is lower than most planets by about a third. There is reception area just beyond the docking bay with an extremely long desk and a receptionist who informs you that, unless you have family at this respite facility, you will not be permitted to wander the station. At various stations along the desk there are different service functions and a small sales counter with handicrafts made by the residents.`

> 	description `The spaceport is nonexistent, a trio of vending machines occupy the entranceway from the dedicated loading area for this retirement home's regular deliveries. The entire place has a somewhat tacky vibe to it, and the ventilation doesn't quite cover up the antiseptic hospital smell of terrestrial aged care facilities. Nevertheless everything appears serviceable.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `The spaceport is non-existent; a trio of vending machines occupy the entranceway from the dedicated loading area for this retirement home's regular deliveries. The entire place has a somewhat tacky vibe to it, and the ventilation doesn't quite cover up the antiseptic hospital smell of terrestrial aged care facilities. Nevertheless, everything appears serviceable.`
```

planet "Graveyard Wormhole (Stable)"
	description ``

planet Greymoon
	attributes station hai
	landscape land/space6

> 	description `This station is owned and operated by the Far Loo Bah fuel collection corporation. This is a fact that you cannot avoid seeing, as their logo is emblazoned on nearly every possible surface and sign indicating their sponsorship of every service or feature on the station. Interestingly this includes a "History of Spaceflight" museum which takes up an entire branch of the station. Naturally, the museum focuses very heavily on the Far Loo Bah corporation's role in that history.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `This station is owned and operated by the Far Loo Bah fuel collection corporation. This is a fact that you cannot avoid seeing, as their logo is emblazoned on nearly every possible surface and sign. Interestingly this includes a "History of Spaceflight" museum which takes up an entire branch of the station. Naturally, the museum focuses very heavily on the Far Loo Bah corporation's role in that history.`
```

Author: The next sentence now doesn't quite follow, as the museum is presented as one of the features they've sponsored.

Reviewer 2: All right, fair enough.

> 	description `This station is owned and operated by the Far Loo Bah fuel collection corporation. This is a fact that you cannot avoid seeing, as their logo is emblazoned on nearly every possible surface and sign indicating their sponsorship of every service or feature on the station. Interestingly this includes a "History of Spaceflight" museum which takes up an entire branch of the station. Naturally, the museum focuses very heavily on the Far Loo Bah corporation's role in that history.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description `This station is owned and operated by the Far Loo Bah fuel collection corporation. Their logo is emblazoned on nearly every possible surface and sign, indicating their sponsorship of every service and feature on the station. Interestingly, this includes a "History of Spaceflight" museum which takes up an entire branch of the station. Naturally, the museum focuses very heavily on the Far Loo Bah corporation's role in that history.`
```

> 	spaceport `The spaceport consists of a wide two-level promenade encircling the interior of the station, with the docking access opening directly onto the mezzanine. The upper level is mostly devoted to amenities, light commercial businesses, a medical center, and a bank. The lower level has all of the real businesses, including frontage from multiple manufacturers supplied by the heavier elements filtered out from the supply of fuel stock from the planet below. A virtual outfitter provides sale options for locally-manufactured outfits that can be installed on your ship without you ever leaving the comfort of the promenade.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	spaceport `The spaceport consists of a wide, two-level promenade encircling the interior of the station, with the docking access opening directly onto the mezzanine. The upper level is mostly devoted to amenities, light commercial businesses, a medical center, and a bank. The lower level has all of the real businesses, including frontage from multiple manufacturers supplied by the heavier elements filtered out from the supply of fuel stock from the planet below. A virtual outfitter provides sale options for locally-manufactured outfits that can be installed on your ship without you ever leaving the comfort of the promenade.`
```
I think there's room for improvement on `including frontage from multiple manufacturers supplied by the heavier elements filtered out from the supply of fuel stock from the planet below`. I can't really tell what's being explained, but maybe it's just me. Is there a way to make this more concise?

Author: The idea is that they're siphoning gasses from the planet below to make fuel, and that it being a large gas giant it has other heavier elements whipped up as dust in its atmosphere (from it's planet-sized storms) which have to be filtered out and are provided to the manufacturers on-station.

Reviewer 3: Ah, thanks. How about this?
```suggestion
	spaceport `The spaceport consists of a wide, two-level promenade encircling the interior of the station, with the docking access opening directly onto the mezzanine. The upper level is mostly devoted to amenities, light commercial businesses, a medical center, and a bank. The lower level has all of the real businesses: multiple manufacturers, which are supplied by the heavier elements filtered out from the supply of fuel stock from the planet below, have store frontage here. A virtual outfitter provides sale options for locally-manufactured outfits that can be installed on your ship without you ever leaving the comfort of the promenade.`
```

> 	spaceport `The spaceport consists of a wide promenade running around the interior of the station and is divided into two levels, with the docking access opening directly onto the mezzanine. The upper level is mostly devoted to amenities, light commercial businesses, a medical center, and a bank. The lower level has all of the real businesses, including frontage from multiple manufacturers fed by the heavier elements that are filtered out after being scooped up with the fuel from the planet below. A virtual outfitter provides sale options for sundry items manufactured locally that can be installed on your ship without you ever leaving the comfort of the promenade.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	spaceport `The spaceport consists of a wide two-level promenade encircling the interior of the station, with the docking access opening directly onto the mezzanine. The upper level is mostly devoted to amenities, light commercial businesses, a medical center, and a bank. The lower level has all of the real businesses, including frontage from multiple manufacturers supplied by the heavier elements filtered out from the supply of fuel stock from the planet below. A virtual outfitter provides sale options for locally-manufactured outfits that can be installed on your ship without you ever leaving the comfort of the promenade.`
```

		threshold 7500
		fleet "Large Republic" 16

planet Goldcrawl
	attributes station uninhabited hai retirement
	landscape land/space6

> 	description `A visitor to this station will immediately notice that the gravity is lower than most planets by about a third. There is reception area just beyond the docking bay with an extremely long desk and a receptionist who informs you that, unless you have family at this respite facility, you will not be permitted to wander the station. At various stations along the desk, there are different service functions and a small sales counter with handicrafts made by the residents.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `A visitor to this station will immediately notice that the gravity is lower than most planets by about a third. There is reception area just beyond the docking bay with an extremely long desk and a receptionist who informs you that this is a respite home for the elderly, and unless you have family here, you will not be permitted to wander the station. There are different service functions at various kiosks along the desk, as well as a small sales counter with handicrafts made by the residents.`
```

> 	spaceport `The spaceport is nonexistent. A trio of vending machines occupy the entranceway from the dedicated loading area for this retirement home's regular deliveries. The entire place has a somewhat tacky vibe to it, and its ventilation system doesn't quite cover up the antiseptic hospital smell of terrestrial aged care facilities.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	spaceport `The spaceport is nonexistent. A trio of vending machines occupy the entranceway from the dedicated loading area for the facility's regular deliveries. The entire place has a somewhat tacky vibe to it, and its ventilation system doesn't quite cover up the antiseptic hospital smell familiar to anyone who has visited terrestrial aged care facilities.`
```

		threshold 3500
		fleet "Large Northern Pirates" 13

planet Greenview
	attributes station hai
	landscape land/space6

> 	description `Entering this station with your suit still on is an excellent way to fog up your faceplate. Although not strictly humid by the standards of a planet, the air nevertheless has a rich, moist, and faintly verdant quality that is very atypical for a space station. The station is run by the Hei Low Io species preservation foundation, and the four branches of the station are each dedicated to a particular climate and host an array of habitats showcasing life from worlds beyond Hai space. An infographic proclaims it to be the largest collection of rare organisms sourced from private collections, rebuilt from genetic samples, or rescued before being exterminated locally when they were deemed invasive on Hai worlds. It also mentions that certain exhibits have been improved in some cases with species recently acquired from human space through secret trade deals.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `Entering this station with your suit still on is an excellent way to fog up your faceplate. Although not strictly humid by the standards of a planet, the air nevertheless has a rich, moist, and faintly verdant quality atypical for a space station. The station is run by the Hei Low Io species preservation foundation, and the four branches of the station are each dedicated to a particular climate and host an array of habitats showcasing life from worlds beyond Hai space. An infographic proclaims it to be the largest collection of rare organisms sourced from private collections, rebuilt from genetic samples, or rescued before being exterminated locally when they were deemed invasive on Hai worlds. It also mentions that certain exhibits have been improved in some cases with species recently acquired from human space through secret trade deals.`
```

	description `	The central spire is still largely residential, with some nursery and laboratory facilities.`

> 	spaceport `The wide two-level promenade comprising the spaceport is dedicated to a variety of themed eateries and gift stores, as well as some local artist galleries, a handicrafts store selling traditionally made curios from a long-abandoned world, and what appears to be an expansive and very well-equipped hospital which also services the planet below. The docking access opens directly onto the mezzanine where a pair of information desks corner every possible route to ensure that the sizable number of tourists that visit here daily need not look far for assistance.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	spaceport `The wide, two-level promenade comprising the spaceport is dedicated to a variety of themed eateries and gift stores, as well as some local artist galleries, a handicrafts store selling traditionally made curios from a long-abandoned world, and what appears to be an expansive and very well-equipped hospital which also services the planet below. The docking access opens directly onto the mezzanine, where a pair of information desks corner every possible route to ensure that the sizable number of tourists that visit here daily need not look far for assistance.`
```

planet "Graveyard Wormhole (Stable)"
	description ``

planet Greymoon
	attributes station hai
	landscape land/space6

> 	description `This station is owned and operated by the Far Loo Bah fuel collection corporation. Their logo is emblazoned on nearly every possible surface and sign, indicating their sponsorship of every service and feature on the station. Interestingly, this includes a "History of Spaceflight" museum which takes up an entire branch of the station. Naturally, the museum focuses very heavily on the Far Loo Bah corporation's role in that history.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `This station is owned and operated by the Far Loo Bah fuel collection corporation. Their logo is emblazoned on nearly every possible surface and sign, indicating their sponsorship of all manner of services and features on the station. Interestingly, this includes a "History of Spaceflight" museum which takes up an entire wing of the facility. Naturally, the museum focuses very heavily on the Far Loo Bah corporation's role in that history.`
```

> 	spaceport `The spaceport consists of a wide, two-level promenade encircling the interior of the station, with the docking access opening directly onto the mezzanine. The upper level is mostly devoted to amenities, light commercial businesses, a medical center, and a bank. The lower level has all of the real businesses: multiple manufacturers, which are supplied by the heavier elements filtered out from the supply of fuel stock from the planet below, have store frontage here. A virtual outfitter provides sale options for locally-manufactured outfits that can be installed on your ship without you ever leaving the comfort of the promenade.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	spaceport `The spaceport consists of a wide, two-level promenade encircling the interior of the station, with the docking access opening directly onto the mezzanine. The bustling commerce hub features banks, businesses, wholesale vendors for various fuels, and even a virtual outfitter providing sale options for locally-manufactured outfits that can be installed on your ship without you ever leaving the comfort of the promenade.`
```

(too long, too much unnecessary detail)

Author: I profoundly disagree with this. It's a text based game, you don't exactly get a lot of detail from anywhere else...
The whole point of this was to create a mental image of a strict divide between two types of business, to set it apart from being "just another commerce hub". You've actively annihilated the intention there.

Reviewer 2: Always ask yourself, "why does the player care?" In this case, why does the player care that the lower level of the promenade has the "real" businesses? How does this help the player? How does this fill in gaps in the player's knowledge about the Hai and their culture and history?

I don't see how the mention of a divide between types of businesses across different levels is useful or interesting information to the player. Can you explain how you see it differently?

Author: This connects to my other response: The player may not care when they read the description (though I enjoy finding the quirks in descriptions), but it provides a hook if someone wants to write content that occurs on the station, and gives them something specific to work with.

It also provides a little bit of differentiation between one place and another. I'm endeavouring to avoid having one thing feel too generically similar to another.

Reviewer 2: If that's your goal, then I think you want to make the descriptions more unique, not less. Than means less of "this is how they've customized the default layout that gets repeated in multiple descriptions" and more of "this is the space station's uniqueness described for its own sake". Does that make sense?

Author: If I was adding stations built at all different parts of history then yes I would entirely agree with you, but the entire point is that these are the relics of a specific point in time when many Hai had to be relocated, so the underlying similarity is kind of the point. It's explicitly the intent to show how time has seen them customised from a similar starting point.

		threshold 3500
		fleet "Large Northern Pirates" 13

planet Greenview
	attributes station hai
	landscape land/space6

> 	description `Entering this station with your suit still on is an excellent way to fog up your faceplate. Although not strictly humid by the standards of a planet, the air nevertheless has a rich, moist, and faintly verdant quality atypical for a space station. The station is run by the Hei Low Io species preservation foundation, and the four branches of the station are each dedicated to a particular climate and host an array of habitats showcasing life from worlds beyond Hai space. An infographic proclaims it to be the largest collection of rare organisms sourced from private collections, rebuilt from genetic samples, or rescued before being exterminated locally when they were deemed invasive on Hai worlds. It also mentions that certain exhibits have been improved in some cases with species recently acquired from human space through secret trade deals.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `Entering this station with your suit still on is an excellent way to fog up your faceplate. Although not strictly humid by the standards of a planet, the air nevertheless has a rich, moist, and faintly verdant quality atypical of a space station. The station is run by the Hei Low Io species preservation foundation, and each of its four branches features a different internal climate showcasing life from worlds beyond Hai space. An infographic proclaims it to be the largest collection in the galaxy of of rare organisms sourced from private collections, rebuilt from genetic samples, or rescued before being exterminated locally when they were deemed invasive on Hai worlds. It also mentions that certain exhibits have been improved in some cases with species recently acquired from human space through secret trade deals.`
```

	description `	The central spire is still largely residential, with some nursery and laboratory facilities.`

> 	spaceport `The wide, two-level promenade comprising the spaceport is dedicated to a variety of themed eateries and gift stores, as well as some local artist galleries, a handicrafts store selling traditionally made curios from a long-abandoned world, and what appears to be an expansive and very well-equipped hospital which also services the planet below. The docking access opens directly onto the mezzanine, where a pair of information desks corner every possible route to ensure that the sizable number of tourists that visit here daily need not look far for assistance.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	spaceport `The spaceport's wide, two-level promenade is dedicated to a variety of themed eateries and gift stores, as well as some local artist galleries, a handicrafts store selling traditionally made curios from a long-abandoned world, and what appears to be an expansive and very well-equipped hospital which also services the planet below. The docking access opens directly onto the mezzanine, where a pair of information desks detail every possible route to ensure that the sizable number of tourists that visit here daily need not look far for assistance.`
```

		threshold 3000
		fleet "Large Militia" 8

planet Lightstead
	attributes station hai retirement
	landscape land/space6

> 	description `A visitor to this station will immediately notice that the gravity is lower than most planets by about a third. The reception area is lavish with several artworks and exotic plants. A well-groomed Hai receptionist informs you that, unless you have family at this respite facility, you will not be permitted to wander the station.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `A visitor to this station will immediately notice that the gravity is lower than most planets by about a third. The reception area is lavished with several artworks and exotic plants. A well-groomed Hai receptionist informs you that, unless you have family at this respite facility, you will not be permitted to wander the station.`
```

Author: I do not believe this change would be correct.

Reviewer 2: Actually neither is correct. :)

```suggestion
	description `A visitor to this station will immediately notice that the gravity is lower than most planets by about a third. The reception area is bedecked with many works of art and exotic plants. A well-groomed Hai receptionist informs you that this is a respite home for the elderly, and unless you have family here, you will not be permitted to wander the station.`
```

> 	description `The spaceport is small but serviceable, and has what looks like a luxuriously appointed Centipede parked in a berth, presumably for entertainment voyages. There is a small but fancy cafe, and a gift shop with things like gold watches, jewelery, wines and other pricey trinkets. This place provides aged care respite only for the very wealthy.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `The spaceport is small but serviceable, and has what looks like a luxuriously appointed Centipede parked in a berth, presumably for entertainment voyages. There is a small but fancy cafe, and a gift shop with gold watches, jewellery, wines and other pricey trinkets. This place provides aged care respite for only the very wealthy.`
```

Author: My notepad's US Spellchecker disagrees with you on jewellery (which is the British/Australian spelling I wrote the first time. :P)

		threshold 3000
		fleet "Large Militia" 8

planet Lightstead
	attributes station hai retirement
	landscape land/space6
	description `A visitor to this station will immediately notice that the gravity is lower than most planets by about a third. The reception area is lavish with several artworks and exotic plants. A well-groomed Hai receptionist informs you that, unless you have family at this respite facility, you will not be permitted to wander the station.`

> 	description `	The spaceport is small but serviceable, and has what looks like a luxuriously appointed Centipede parked in a berth, presumably for entertainment voyages. There is a small but fancy cafe, and a gift shop with gold watches, jewelery, wines and other pricey trinkets. This place provides aged care respite for only the very wealthy.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description `	The spaceport is small but serviceable, and has what looks like a luxuriously appointed Centipede parked in a berth, presumably for entertainment voyages. There is a small but fancy cafe, and a gift shop with gold watches, jewelry, wines and other pricey trinkets. This place provides aged care respite for only the very wealthy.`
```

		threshold 3000
		fleet "Large Militia" 8

planet Lightstead
	attributes station uninhabited hai retirement
	landscape land/space6
	description `A visitor to this station will immediately notice that the gravity is lower than most planets by about a third. The reception area is lavish with several artworks and exotic plants. A well-groomed Hai receptionist informs you that, unless you have family at this respite facility, you will not be permitted to wander the station.`

> 	spaceport `The spaceport is small but serviceable, and has what looks like a luxuriously appointed Centipede parked in a berth, presumably for entertainment voyages. There is a small but fancy cafe, and a gift shop with gold watches, jewelry, wines and other pricey trinkets. This place provides aged care respite for only the very wealthy.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	spaceport `The spaceport is small but serviceable, featuring a luxuriously appointed Centipede parked in a berth, presumably for entertainment voyages. There is a small but fancy cafe, and a gift shop with gold watches, jewelry, wines and other pricey trinkets. This place must provide aged care services for only the very wealthy.`
```

		threshold 3500
		fleet "Small Republic" 57

planet Mahoganybox
	attributes station hai retirement
	landscape land/space6
	description `A visitor to this station will immediately notice that the gravity is lower than most planets by about a third. Leaving the docking bay brings one into a expansive room that can only be described as stately. A round reception desk greets you just inside, and is situated such that the occupants can face any direction that suits them and observe the room. A smiling Hai in a suit informs unless you have family at this respite facility, you will not be permitted to wander beyond this room. However, you are welcome to visit with anyone who has come down, or to ask an orderly if you need to contact someone on business.`

> 	description `The spaceport here is scarcely worthy of the name, and does not facilitate materials trade, but is well equipped to handle regular traffic bringing people to and from the station. This place appears to service the fit but retiring demographic whose minds are as sharp as ever, but who benefit from fewer demanding pressures on their physical bodies.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `The spaceport here is scarcely worthy of the name, and does not facilitate trading, but is well equipped to handle regular traffic bringing people to and from the station. This place appears to service the fit but retiring demographic whose minds are as sharp as ever, but who benefit from fewer demanding pressures on their physical bodies.`
```

		threshold 3500
		fleet "Small Republic" 57

planet Mahoganybox
	attributes station hai retirement
	landscape land/space6

> 	description `A visitor to this station will immediately notice that the gravity is lower than most planets by about a third. Leaving the docking bay brings one into a expansive room that can only be described as stately. A round reception desk greets you just inside, and is situated such that the occupants can face any direction that suits them and observe the room. A smiling Hai in a suit informs unless you have family at this respite facility, you will not be permitted to wander beyond this room. However, you are welcome to visit with anyone who has come down, or to ask an orderly if you need to contact someone on business.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description `A visitor to this station will immediately notice that the gravity is lower than most planets by about a third. Leaving the docking bay brings one into an expansive room that can only be described as stately. A round reception desk greets you just inside, and is situated such that the occupants can face any direction that suits them and observe the room. A smiling Hai in a suit informs unless you have family at this respite facility, you will not be permitted to wander beyond this room. However, you are welcome to visit with anyone who has come down, or to ask an orderly if you need to contact someone on business.`
```

Reviewer 3: I'll add a couple of my own here as well.
```suggestion
	description `A visitor to this station will immediately notice that the gravity is lower than most planets by about a third. Leaving the docking bay brings one into an expansive room that can only be described as stately. A round reception desk greets you just inside, and is situated such that the occupants can face any direction that suits them and observe the room. A smiling Hai in a suit informs you that unless you have family at this respite facility, you will not be permitted to wander beyond this room. You are, however, welcome to visit with anyone who has come down or ask an orderly if you need to contact someone on business.`
```

> 	description `	The spaceport here is scarcely worthy of the name, and does not facilitate trading, but is well equipped to handle regular traffic bringing people to and from the station. This place appears to service the fit but retiring demographic whose minds are as sharp as ever, but who benefit from fewer demanding pressures on their physical bodies.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description `	The spaceport here is scarcely worthy of the name and does not facilitate trading, but is well equipped to handle regular traffic bringing people to and from the station. This place appears to service the fit but retiring demographic, whose minds are as sharp as ever but benefit from fewer demanding pressures on their physical bodies.`
```

		threshold 3500
		fleet "Small Republic" 57

planet Mahoganybox
	attributes station uninhabited hai retirement
	landscape land/space6

> 	description `A visitor to this station will immediately notice that the gravity is lower than most planets by about a third. Leaving the docking bay brings one into an expansive room that can only be described as stately. A round reception desk greets you just inside, and is situated such that the occupants can face any direction that suits them and observe the room. A smiling Hai in a suit informs you that unless you have family at this respite facility, you will not be permitted to wander beyond this room. You are, however, welcome to visit with anyone who has come down or ask an orderly if you need to contact someone on business.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `A visitor to this station will immediately notice that the gravity is lower than most planets by about a third. Leaving the docking bay brings you into an lavishly decorated room with a donut-shaped reception desk made of an exotic material that you can't immediately identify. A smiling Hai in a suit behind the desk informs you that this is a respite home for the elderly, and unless you have family here, you will not be permitted to wander beyond this room. You are, however, welcome to visit with anyone who has come down or ask an orderly if you need to contact someone on business.`
```

Author: Stately and lavish have sufficiently different connotations that I'm not sure I'm on board with this particular suggestion as it stands now.

Reviewer 2: If you're going for a wealthy genteel vibe, maybe change "lavishly decorated" in my suggestion into "tastefully decorated"?

Author: Yeah ok I'm down with that.
```suggestion
	description `A visitor to this station will immediately notice that the gravity is lower than most planets by about a third. Leaving the docking bay brings you into a tastefully decorated room with a donut-shaped reception desk made of an exotic material that you can't immediately identify. A smiling Hai in a suit behind the desk informs you that this is a respite home for the elderly, and unless you have family here, you will not be permitted to wander beyond this room. You are, however, welcome to visit with anyone who has come down or ask an orderly if you need to contact someone on business.`
```

Reviewer 2: Cool, sounds good.

		threshold 3000
		fleet "Large Militia" 8

planet Ochrescoop
	attributes station hai
	landscape land/space6

> 	description `A massive plaque attached to a bulkhead in the promenade entry proudly denotes this station to be run by "Yoot Ki Magnetic Fuel Harvesting". It seems that the powerful magnetic field of the gas giant below makes this station an ideal location for harvesting, and re-harvesting, the massive fuel volumes that are demanded by the Hai space industry. Despite the plaque also proudly denoting nearly 75,000 years of operation, the station seems to be in an excellent state of repair.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `A massive plaque attached to a bulkhead in the promenade entry proudly denotes this station to be run by "Yoot Ki Magnetic Fuel Harvesting". It seems that the powerful magnetic field of the gas giant below makes this station an ideal location for harvesting, and re-harvesting, the massive fuel volumes demanded by the Hai space industry. Despite a plaque also proudly denoting nearly 75,000 years of operation, the station seems to be in an excellent state of repair.`
```

> 	spaceport `The spaceport, which consists of a wide promenade running around the interior of the station, seems to be divided into two distinct areas. The lower level, which contains all manner of amenities, services and food places, and the upper level, which hosts the official Yoot Ki sales center in addition to a suite of different facilities for various research institutes. As it turns out, the powerful magnetic field of the world below also has certain advantages for scientific experiments.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	spaceport `The spaceport, which consists of a wide promenade running around the interior of the station, seems to be divided into two distinct areas: the lower level, which contains all manner of amenities, services, and food places, and the upper level, which hosts the official Yoot Ki sales center in addition to a suite of different facilities for various research institutes. As it turns out, the powerful magnetic field of the world below also has certain advantages for scientific experiments.`
```

		threshold 3000
		fleet "Large Militia" 8

planet Ochrescoop
	attributes station hai
	landscape land/space6

> 	description `A massive plaque attached to a bulkhead in the promenade entry proudly denotes this station to be run by "Yoot Ki Magnetic Fuel Harvesting". It seems that the powerful magnetic field of the gas giant below makes this station an ideal location for harvesting, and re-harvesting, the massive fuel volumes demanded by the Hai space industry. Despite a plaque also proudly denoting nearly 75,000 years of operation, the station seems to be in an excellent state of repair.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `A massive plaque attached to a bulkhead in the promenade entry proudly indicates that station has been run by Yoot Ki Magnetic Fuel Harvesting for over 75,000 years. It seems that the powerful magnetic field of the gas giant below makes this station an ideal location for harvesting and re-harvesting the massive volume of fuel demanded by the Hai space industry. Despite its nearly long history of operation, the station seems to be in an excellent state of repair.`
```

Author: Removing an excess word after changes.
```suggestion
	description `A massive plaque attached to a bulkhead in the promenade entry proudly indicates that station has been run by Yoot Ki Magnetic Fuel Harvesting for over 75,000 years. It seems that the powerful magnetic field of the gas giant below makes this station an ideal location for harvesting and re-harvesting the massive volume of fuel demanded by the Hai space industry. Despite its long history of operation, the station seems to be in an excellent state of repair.`
```

	spaceport `The spaceport, which consists of a wide promenade running around the interior of the station, seems to be divided into two distinct areas: the lower level, which contains all manner of amenities, services, and food places, and the upper level, which hosts the official Yoot Ki sales center in addition to a suite of different facilities for various research institutes. As it turns out, the powerful magnetic field of the world below also has certain advantages for scientific experiments.`

> 	spaceport `	Floating next to the stairs a holographic sign proudly states that it's been over 7000 years since the last fatal safety accident.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	spaceport `	A holographic sign floating next to the stairs proudly states that over 7,000 years have elapsed since the past fatal safety accident.`
```

		threshold 5000
		fleet "Large Syndicate" 10

planet Swiftsong
	attributes station hai "hai tourism"
	landscape land/space6

> 	description `Swiftsong station is maintained by the Imo Blep corporation, and is operated as a giant convention center. Most Hai stations have some degree of restricted access either beyond the docking bay or beyond the promenade possessed by all these stations of the same era. Swiftsong contrasts this by being almost completely open.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
	description `Swiftsong Station is maintained by the Imo Blep corporation, and is operated as a giant convention center. Most Hai stations have some degree of restricted access either beyond the docking bay or beyond the promenade possessed by all these stations of the same era. Swiftsong contrasts this by being almost completely open.`
```

> 	description `	Tens of thousands of Hai pass through the docks of Swiftsong on an almost daily basis as the continual churn of summits, forums, conventions, symposiums, productions, conferences, weddings, festivals and the like roll on in an endless cavalcade of life. With Icelake below and Hai-home just one jump away, this station is a major cultural hub that even houses the head office of one of the biggest music labels in Hai space.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description `	Tens of thousands of Hai pass through the docks of Swiftsong on an almost daily basis as the continual churn of summits, forums, conventions, symposiums, productions, conferences, weddings, festivals, and the like roll on in an endless cavalcade of life. With Icelake below and Hai-home just one jump away, this station is a major cultural hub that even houses the head office of one of the biggest music labels in Hai space.`
```

		threshold 5000
		fleet "Large Syndicate" 10

planet Swiftsong
	attributes station hai "hai tourism"
	landscape land/space6

> 	description `Swiftsong Station is maintained by the Imo Blep corporation, and is operated as a giant convention center. Most Hai stations have some degree of restricted access either beyond the docking bay or beyond the promenade possessed by all these stations of the same era. Swiftsong contrasts this by being almost completely open.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `Swiftsong Station is operated and maintained by the Imo Blep corporation as a giant convention center. Most Hai stations restrict access beyond the docking bay or the promenade to at least some degree, but Swiftsong is almost completely open.`
```

> 	description `	Tens of thousands of Hai pass through the docks of Swiftsong on an almost daily basis as the continual churn of summits, forums, conventions, symposiums, productions, conferences, weddings, festivals, and the like roll on in an endless cavalcade of life. With Icelake below and Hai-home just one jump away, this station is a major cultural hub that even houses the head office of one of the biggest music labels in Hai space.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `	Tens of thousands of Hai pass through on an almost daily basis as the continual churn of summits, forums, conventions, symposiums, productions, conferences, weddings, festivals, and the like roll on in an endless cavalcade of life. With Icelake below and Hai-home just one jump away, this station is a major cultural hub that even houses the head office of one of the biggest music labels in Hai space.`
```

> 	spaceport `The spaceport promenade runs around the interior of the station and is divided into the usual two levels, but has four additional ring levels reaching up where the promenade intersects the base of each of the stations main branches. Almost any business or service you could want can be found somewhere in the spaceport, except for that of an outfitter or shipyard, both of which are precluded by the expansion of the docking bay to accommodate the massive volume of daily traffic.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	spaceport `The spaceport promenade runs around the interior of the station and is divided into the usual two levels, but has four additional ring levels in which you can find almost any business or service you could want - except for an outfitter or shipyard. Apparently there is simply no room, as the docking bay must take up nearly all the station's exterior space to accommodate its massive volume of daily traffic.`
```

Author: This fundamentally changes the layout of the station. Suggested alternative:
```suggestion
	spaceport `The spaceport promenade runs around the interior of the station and is divided into the usual two levels, but has four additional ring levels rising up from the promenade into each of the stations main branches. Almost any business or service you could want can be found here - except for an outfitter or shipyard. Apparently there is simply no room, as the docking bay must take up nearly all the station's exterior space to accommodate its massive volume of daily traffic.`
```

Reviewer 2: I don't understand how my suggestion changes the layout. Can you explain?

Also, assa general comment, nobody cares about the layout of the station. I know you've got it mapped out in your mind, but the player doesn't care. It's not an interesting detail.

Author: In the first case you have a 2-level promenade ring, and 4 separate columns of additional floors rising up at different points where the station branches away from the central core.
In your edit the promenade is just 6-levels high all the way around. These stations are all meant to have been cut from pretty much the same cloth so its incongruous.

And yes, the player may not care when they read the description (though I enjoy finding the quirks in descriptions), but it provides a hook if someone wants to write content that occurs on the station, and gives them something specific to work with.

Reviewer 2: But my suggestion simply leaves that up to the player's imagination rather than making it explicit. It doesn't preclude the possibility of what you have in mind. It simply avoids tediously describing the minutae of the layout which I just don't think is useful or interesting information for the player.
